Update answer to Proxy differences question in Q&A (#131)
proposal-signals/proposal-signals: README.md

**Q**: What are Signals offering that `Proxy` doesn't currently handle?

> **A**: Proxies must wrap some object. They cannot be used to observe updates to primitive values such as numbers, strings, or symbols.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**A**: Proxies must wrap some object. They cannot be used to intercept property access/assignment to primitive values such as numbers, strings, or symbols.
```
